DBZ-7902: Added Docs changes for streaming.delay.ms (#5596)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/db2.adoc

|No default
|An interval in milliseconds that the connector should wait before performing a snapshot when the connector starts. If you are starting multiple connectors in a cluster, this property is useful for avoiding snapshot interruptions, which might cause re-balancing of connectors.

|[[db2-property-streaming-delay-ms]]<<db2-property-streaming-delay-ms, `+streaming.delay.ms+`>>
|0

> |An interval in milliseconds that the connector should wait before initiating the streaming process after completing the snapshot. This delay helps prevent the connector from re-snapshotting if it encounters a failure immediately after finishing the snapshot and before starting the streaming process. Set this value higher than the `offset.flush.interval.ms` property of the Connect worker to ensure sufficient delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the time, in milliseconds, that the connector delays the start of the streaming process after it completes a snapshot.
Setting a delay interval helps to prevent the connector from restarting snapshots in the event that a failure occurs immediately after the snapshot completes, but before the streaming process begins. 
Set a delay value that is higher than the value of the {link-kafka-docs}/#connectconfigs_offset.flush.interval.ms[`offset.flush.interval.ms`] property that is set for the Kafka Connect worker.
```
